Congratulations, you've just built three fundamental application with Gazebo.
In the model editor tool of Gazebo,
you simulated a two-wheeled robot and included it in a Gazebo world.
Next, you have the plug-in to interact with the world.
Then, in the building editor tool,
you both have space to house your robot.
I hope you are now able to differentiate between a model,
a world, and a plug-in in Gazebo.
This is just the beginning as there is a lot more to learn with Gazebo.
You will be learning some of the advanced topics in the next lessons.
For now, spend some time practicing and
explore the official Gazebo tutorials on their site.
I included the link for you and description section below.
Once you feel that you practice enough,
move on to the project.